Modified WSA CRs to support CPFS deployment in single namespace mode (#22)
IBM/ibm-websphere-automation: gitops-deployment/README.md

- Ensure the cluster meets the supported platform, sizing, persistent storage, and network requirements indended for WebSphere Automation. For more information, see [System Requirements](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ws-automation?topic=installation-system-requirements)

> - Prior to deploying WSA application using ArgoCD, make sure to install WSA operator pre-requisites, which includes Redhat Cert Manager operator and IBM Licensing operator. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prior to deploying WSA application using ArgoCD, make sure to install WSA operator pre-requisites, which includes Red Hat Cert Manager operator and IBM Licensing operator. 
```

### WSA

Create the WSA Application:
Note: The default configuration available in the values files applies for Single Namespace installation mode.

> #### Example 1: Creating an instance of WebSphereSecure & WebSphereAutomation by providing custom values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Example 1: Creating an instance of WebSphereAutomation by providing custom values
```
